# Nazeeran-Clinic-Project
Hospitals play a very important part in our daily life as they provide their services to the patients. Each person in their life visits hospital for different tasks (as a doctor, patient, consultant, pharmacist etc.). When patients come to doctors, they ask several questions from patients that includes medical history, previous prescriptions, and medical tests results etc. to prescribe prescriptions. For hospitals that take part in research it is important for them keep track the records of their patients which can be helpful for them while researching on different diseases and their medications. If all of the patient records are recoded manually on papers, it very much difficult and time consuming for any stakeholder (Patients, doctors, researchers etc.) to handle bundle of files and papers (records of hundreds of thousand patients). The process of handling all these records is unreliable, time consuming, error-prone and not economical.  NazeeranClinic is a web application which facilitate both doctors and patients. Using our system patients will don’t need to carry a bundle of files with them whether they consult to doctors or visits the pharmacy to get medicine or medical test center of the hospital. By 1-click, all of the patient’s records will be visible through the centralized system and update from any department will be immediately visible to all of the concerned authorities with high security of data to every user.  The system will help to make it easier to maintain the record of patient, doctor and medicine. It will help to reduce the number of lost record for the patients. It will improve the data retrieval. The inventory modules foe the medicine will help in check the balance medicine and the information of the medicine such as medicine manufacture and price. At the same time, the system may generate report for the operation of the clinic. For example, report about the number of patient per day and total income for the clinic per day.
